[docs] Clarify how to generate the bundle when checking bundle sizes for updates bandwidth estimates (#44946)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/estimate-bandwidth.mdx

## Measuring your actual update size

> First, generate your uncompressed production bundle with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by generating your uncompressed production bundle with the following command:
```

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '$ npx expo export'
  ]}
  cmdCopy="npx expo export"

> />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo export']} />
```

When there's only a single command in `Terminal` component, the copy button is automatically available on the snippet. We don't need the `cmdCopy` attribute here.

> Look in the **dist/_expo/static/js** directory. There will be **android** and **ios** folders with a **.hbc** file in each. The size of the **.hbc** file is the uncompressed size of your Hermes bundle. Note that Android and iOS bundles may differ in size, especially if you make use of platform-specific code files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, look inside the **dist/_expo/static/js** directory. There will be **android** and **ios** directories with a **.hbc** file in each. The size of the **.hbc** file is the uncompressed size of your Hermes bundle. Note that Android and iOS bundles may differ in size, especially if you use platform-specific code files.
```

As per our writing style guide and for consistency, we use directories over folders.

> These files have long names that include a hash. For the sake of this exercise, rename the file you would like to analyze to **bundle.hbc**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files have long names that include a hash. For this example, rename the file you would like to analyze to **bundle.hbc**.
```

> To determine the actual compressed size of your Hermes bundle, which is how large it will be when downloaded by users, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine the actual compressed size of your Hermes bundle, which is how large it will be when downloaded by app users, run the following commands:
```

For developer centric users, let's update "app user" for clarity.
